It's better to have 3 operation mode for a program: mouse mode, keyboard mode and auto run shell mode. Mouse mode for study phase, make the program easy to be accepted; keyboard mode is make it operated by some convinient shortcut after farmiliar with it; auto run mode is to make your program powerful by shell script.    ---Inspiration from may daily computer life

TDD can not solve your knowledge limite problem, if your implementation error because you don't have enough knowledge about your target requirement or APIs you are using, TDD can't find those problem either.     ----Inspiration from my printPlugin implementing, I find my mistake, which not recover stdout in case the check failed in teardown, very later.

The first step to learn TDD is learn how to stubout your source code, so to make stub simple and strictly meanful is useful.   ----Inspiration from when doing python TDD with mox.

project smell: if your FAQ is mainly about how to solve problems, it indicates project in trouble.  ---Inspiration from FCITX FAQ

To lead: you should set a direction(your target), and then let others work freely on the direction. Share direction is better than share solutions.    ----Inspiration from a not good meeting facilitate.

The IBM server broken cost RMB100 to recover the recover the data. To keep your data safe is important. When you find something important, the security of the thing is important!    ---Inspiration from my IBM server broken.

The Scrum framework is too complex to be utilized into team working. The core of it's team management: estimation, seems can't work at all in teams' daily work.  ---Inspiration from scrum framework study

The user story of the Scrum framework seems not expressed the requirement comes from implementation "team". Team need to study, and different teams have different capability, then, have different understanding to the task. They may have different "requirement" when they implementing the SW component.    ---Inspiration from backlog practicing on backlog-editor.

The one who focus on enjoy life most must be afraid died most.

Everyone must have his/her own life, it's impossible to change the desire from the heart. The only thing you can do is to fix the problem just before hand.  ---Inspiration after fighted with my dad.

To done a thing need the doer's energy level reach a needed degree. If you make a qualified people to do the work, the work will be done and the people will feel good. If you make a unqualified people to do a work, the work and the people will both in danger. Before you do a thing, confirm the target, estimate the needed energy level, and then choose the right people to do it.  --Inspiration after fighted with my dad.

What is energy level of a people, I think it's something like how this people love others, which include people, animals, plaint--creatures and nonecreatures. --Inspiration after fighted with my dad.

Things may go not as you desired, such as people act not as you wanted, such as you failed to accomplish something. However, it's fine, that thing just work that way, you can study why the things run that way if you think it's deserved, and also you can just ignore it and move on.   ----Inspiration from my work and my life.

Many people will only take responsibility to things they think they own the responsibility. If you want to achieve successful leading, clear the responsibility is a very important thing. Inspire people to do all their best to support our common goal is another important thing.    ---Inspiration from my old notes

